William Pike
Austin, TX
m: 512.775.9875
wilpike@gmail.com
LinkedIn

Professional Summary
Technical Product Manager with 10+ years of experience spanning software product management, software development, QA, and client-facing technical implementation. Experienced in translating business requirements into technical solutions, leading software implementations, troubleshooting complex technical issues, and partnering with customers and cross-functional teams throughout the product lifecycle. Led the launch of a digital signage platform deployed across 800+ locations and 10,000+ displays and helped grow annual software revenue from $30,000 to $3 million. 

 Core Competencies
Technical Implementation
API Integrations
Software Product Management 
Requirements Analysis 
Client-Facing Solutions
Technical Troubleshooting
Project Coordination 
Cross-Functional Collaboration 
Technical Documentation 


Professional Experience

Flo Recruit, Austin, TX, April 2026 to August 2026
PRODUCT MANAGER - Applicant Tracking System
Managed Product Strategy for Flo’s Recruitment and Work Allocation products.
Maintained OpenAPI specification documents to take into account new features, leading to faster client adoption.
Owned end-to-end product development and delivered roadmaps for upcoming product releases. 
Documented and announced product releases internally and externally.

TriggerPoint Media, Austin, TX, December 2022 to April 2026
SOFTWARE PRODUCT MANAGER
Managed Product Strategy for 2-sided marketplace platform for digital OOH marketing (SavvyDisplays).
Owned end-to-end product development and delivered roadmaps for upcoming product releases; garnered a rich understanding of user personas to inform acceptance criteria for product features.
Launched a new product to allow businesses to monetize their digital marketing strategies.
Partnered with senior leadership and stakeholders to define business needs and product requirements; collaborated cross-functionally to complete project milestones.
Consolidated product operations tools to maximize efficiency between teams; delegate tasks based on team members’ specific strengths and abilities.
Performed in-depth data analysis to weigh financial impacts of proposed products and solutions; relayed actionable insights drawn from industry experience.
Facilitated the merger between software platforms developed by two companies following an acquisition;  leveraged technical acumen and problem-solving skills to optimize workflows and efficiency. 

Digital Touch Systems, Austin, TX, September 2015 to December 2022
SOFTWARE PRODUCT MANAGER
Launched a new digital signage platform that was deployed at over 800 locations consisting of over 10,000 displays.
Launched a digital menu and ordering system that is in use by restaurants such as Subway.
Increased software revenue 100x ($30,000 to $3,000,000 a year).
Spearheaded comprehensive testing and results evaluation to ensure quality and proper functionality of three proprietary software products.
Generated informative data visualizations to inform product decisions and plan the development roadmap; tracked metrics to understand product impact.
Managed and mentored the Development, Support, and Client Relation teams; led efforts to properly document internal and external training materials.
Championed custom software solutions and delivered consultations and training to clients; onboarded new clients and created plans that aligned with scope of use.
Administered Network and IT solutions; tested and analyzed new hardware solutions; advised prospective clients regarding hardware/software scenarios for unique circumstances.

Visual Innovations, Austin, TX, November 2014 to December 2017
PROGRAMMING ENGINEER 
Conceptualized and created working hardware solutions for Audio-Visual installations; produced CAD drawings to diagram AV solutions.
Programmed control systems to interact with AV hardware; designed touchscreen user interfaces to be used with AV control systems.

Digital Touch Systems, Austin, TX, September 2014 to September 2015
QA ENGINEER ASSOCIATE
Tested new software features for quality and ease of use; utilized previous service industry experience to improve concept and functionality of digital menu ordering system.

Education and Credentials

AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, 2025     
Credly
Computer Science, Computer Programming, 2007 - 2009
Austin Community College – Austin, TX
Mechanical Engineering, 2005 - 2007
University of Texas at San Antonio – San Antonio, TX

Additional Information 

Technical Proficiencies: 
Tools:
JIRA, Confluence, Monday, Hubspot, Figma, Pulumi, Terraform, Raygun, Postman, Splunk, Tableau, Github

Cloud:
AWS, Azure, Google Cloud

Frontend:
HTML/CSS/JS, React, Bootstrap, Tailwind, Angular, jQuery

Backend:
NodeJS, Python, Java, PHP

Database:
MySQL, PostgreSQL, MicrosoftSQL, MongoDB
